OSDOCS-9577-16: Documented the extended EUS support for even numbered… (#75913)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

You must use {op-system} machines for the control plane, and you can use either {op-system} or {op-system-base} for compute machines.
//Removed the note per https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GRPA-3517

For {product-title} 4.12 on `x86_64` architecture, Red Hat has added a 6-month Extended Update Support (EUS) phase that extends the total available lifecycle from 18 months to 24 months. For {product-title} 4.12 running on `aarch64`, {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`) architectures, the EUS lifecycle remains at 18 months.

> Starting with {product-title} 4.14, the EUS phase for even numbered releases on all supported architectures, including `x86_64`, `aarch64`, {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), and {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`) architectures, has a total available lifecycle of 24 months.

Reviewer: @dfitzmau Last small comment :-) 
```suggestion
Starting with {product-title} 4.14, the EUS phase for even numbered releases on all supported architectures, including `x86_64`, 64-bit ARM (`aarch64`), {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), and {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`) architectures, has a total available lifecycle of 24 months.
```

> Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Red Hat has added an optional 12-month additional EUS Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from 24 months to 36 months. The additional EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Red Hat has added an optional 12-month EUS Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from 24 months to 36 months. The additional EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need "added" and "additional" here.

> For more information about these support, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about this support, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].
```

You must use {op-system} machines for the control plane, and you can use either {op-system} or {op-system-base} for compute machines.
//Removed the note per https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GRPA-3517

> Starting with {product-title} 4.12, Red Hat has added a six months Extended Update Support (EUS) phase for even numbered releases, extending the total available lifecycle from 18 months to two (2) years. In the {product-title} 4.12 release, this additional EUS is only available for the `x86_64` architecture.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Starting with {product-title} 4.12, Red Hat has added a 6-month Extended Update Support (EUS) phase for even numbered releases, extending the total available lifecycle from 18 months to 2 years. In the {product-title} 4.12 release, this additional EUS is only available for the `x86_64` architecture.
```
Based on the[ IBM style guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=measurement-numerals-versus-words), I believe you would want to be consistent and use numerals throughout the entire sentence.

> Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Red Hat has added an optional twelve months Additional Extended Update Support Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from two (2) years to three (3) years. Additional EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}. For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].

Reviewer: @dfitzmau Shouldn't this be 4.16? 
```suggestion
Starting with {product-title} 4.16, Red Hat has added an optional twelve months Additional Extended Update Support Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from two (2) years to three (3) years. Additional EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}. For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].
```
@jaypoulz Since this statement says "all architecture variants" do you think we still need to call out ARM/P/Z explictly or can we simply remove line 31? And add a link to this PR in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSDOCS-9588

Author: Thanks, Silke. Correct. This change is from 4.14 and onwards. I'm curious about the ARM/P/Z statement. Thanks fro raising this.

> Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Red Hat has added an optional twelve months Additional Extended Update Support Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from two (2) years to three (3) years. Additional EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}. For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Red Hat has added an optional 12-month additional EUS Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from 2 years to 3 years. The EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}. For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].
```

- I don't think you need to spell out EUS again since you did in the previous sentence.
- I noticed that in the previous sentence you use "EUS phase", while here it is called an "EUS Term 2". Are those two different things?

Author: Term 2 is a different level of support if customers want it.

> Starting with {product-title} 4.12, Red Hat has added a 6-month Extended Update Support (EUS) phase for even numbered releases, extending the total available lifecycle from 18 months to 2 years. In the {product-title} 4.12 release, this additional EUS is only available for the `x86_64` architecture.
> 
> Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Red Hat has added an optional 12-month additional EUS Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from 2 years to 3 years. The additional EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}. For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].
> 
> Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Extended Update Support (EUS) is extended to 64-bit ARM, {ibm-power-name} (ppc64le), and {ibm-z-name} (s390x) platforms. For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift-eus[OpenShift EUS Overview].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with {product-title} 4.12, Red Hat has added a 6-month Extended Update Support (EUS) phase for even numbered releases, extending the total available lifecycle from 18 months to 2 years. In the {product-title} 4.12 release, this additional EUS is only available for the `x86_64` architecture. Starting with {product-title} 4.14, this additional EUS is extended to 64-bit ARM, {ibm-power-name} (ppc64le), and {ibm-z-name} (s390x) platforms. 

Starting with {product-title} 4.14, Red Hat has added an optional 12-month additional EUS Term 2, extending the total available lifecycle from 2 years to 3 years. The additional EUS Term 2 is available on all architecture variants of {product-title}. 

For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].
```
@jaypoulz I think if we restructure like this it should be correct also for Arm/P/Z

Reviewer 4: I believe this is correct but it should really be ACKed by Duncan.

Author: Thanks, Silke. Updated as per your suggestion.

Reviewer 5: LGTM

Reviewer 6: Apologies, should be using this account for approvals

//Removed the note per https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GRPA-3517

//TODO: Add this for 4.14

> Starting with {product-title} 4.14, the Extended Update Support (EUS) phase for even numbered releases has been extended from 24 months to 36 months. For odd numbered releases, the EUS phase remains at 18 months. For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[Red Hat {product-title} Life Cycle Policy].

Reviewer 7: I think it needs to be clearer that the additional year is an optional additional offering. It is not part of the base lifecycle and is in fact an additional EUS term. See the lifecycle page for relevant phrasing.

Author: Thanks, updated.

[id="workload-partitioning-enhancement"]
==== Workload partitioning enhancement

> With this release, platform pods deployed with a workload annotation that includes both CPU limits and CPU requests will have the CPU limits accurately calculated and applied as a CPU quota for the specific pod. In prior releases, if a workload partitioned pod had both CPU limits and requests set, they were ignored by the webhook. The pod did not benefit from workload partitioning and was not locked down to specific cores. This update ensures the requests and limits are now interpreted correctly by the webhook.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With this release, platform pods deployed with a workload annotation that includes both CPU limits, and CPU requests will have the CPU limits accurately calculated and applied as a CPU quota for the specific pod. In prior releases, if a workload partitioned pod had both CPU limits and requests set, they were ignored by the webhook. The pod did not benefit from workload partitioning and was not locked down to specific cores. This update ensures the requests and limits are now interpreted correctly by the webhook.
```

Reviewer 8: Unless I am misreading the sentence, I think that without the comma is correct. That said, I sort of lose the thread in the middle of the sentence.
```suggestion
With this release, CPU limits are accurately calculated and applied as a CPU quota for platform pods deployed with a workload annotation that includes both CPU limits and CPU requests. In earlier releases, if a workload partitioned pod had both CPU limits and requests set, they were ignored by the webhook. The pod did not benefit from workload partitioning and was not locked down to specific cores. This update ensures the requests and limits are now interpreted correctly by the webhook.
```
Does this change the meaning?
Also, see the[ ISG guidance for _earlier_ ](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#earlier) as the preferred term for older releases.

[id="workload-partitioning-enhancement"]
==== Workload partitioning enhancement

> With this release, platform pods deployed with a workload annotation that includes both CPU limits and CPU requests will have the CPU limits accurately calculated and applied as a CPU quota for the specific pod. In earlier releases, if a workload partitioned pod had both CPU limits and requests set, they were ignored by the webhook. The pod did not benefit from workload partitioning and was not locked down to specific cores. This update ensures the requests and limits are now interpreted correctly by the webhook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this release, platform pods, deployed with a workload annotation that includes both CPU limits and CPU requests, have the CPU limits accurately calculated and applied as a CPU quota for the specific pod. In earlier releases, if a workload partitioned pod had both CPU limits and requests set, they were ignored by the webhook. The pod did not benefit from workload partitioning and was not locked down to specific cores. This update ensures the requests and limits are now interpreted correctly by the webhook.
```

Reviewer 2: IBMSG suggests to avoid future tense. Also, I think you need some commas around this phrase to make the sentence meaning a bit clearer.
